All right, so now we have our arrays
in place center and that's good
and then we can actually use those
in our assignments down at the bottom.
So let's go ahead and swing back down to the bottom.
So now (laughs) I can assign
this.shippingAddressStates = data.
Else, we say this.billingAddressStates = data.
Okay, got it.
Okay, great.
So I didn't have those arrays up front
and now we have created
and now we can assign them, so good job.
And now one other thing I want to do
is I want to select the first state as the default
when everything is displayed here.
So I'll simply just grab the formGroup
I get the actual stateControl.
And then I simply set the value to be the first item
in this array that was returned.
So once you select the country,
then the first state will be selected by default,
the user can always go and change it,
select the default one,
but at least that'll be set up by default.
All right, so that's the work therefore the component.ts.
Let's go ahead and move into our HTML template,
and let's add the appropriate code here
for shipping address and for billing address.
So again, we're in the shipping address section here
we have that assignment.
And now for states we have this the actual formControl
for states has a TO DO.
Now we can actually add our work here
and loop over the appropriate states array
to display the information.
So same coding as before on some of our other features here.
So ngFor let state of shippingAddressStates
ngValue equals state so we can access it later on.
And then we simply guess state.name.
Slide a little bit so you can see everything and zoom out.
All right, so let's go ahead and test this out
and see how it works.
So I'll just fire up my Angular app one more time.
Swing in some app, add something to the cart,
go down to my cart do a check out.
And now with shipping address, let's select a country,
so I'll choose Brazil and success.
So the states are changing based on the selected country.
Let's choose India.
And great notice states also change there, cool.
And let's choose Turkey.
All right, I like it.
So that part is working out just fine for us, I'm happy.
Now let's go ahead and do a similar thing here
for billing address.
So let me just kind of copy this little section
that we just added previously,
and I'll just move down to the billing address section
and paste it in.
All right, so we're in the billing address section.
And let's move down to our state here,
paste that in.
Now it's really important here we need to make an update.
So instead of shippingAddressStates,
we need to use billingAddressStates, okay?
Be sure make this change
very important billingAddressStates,
because we want to keep the billingAddressStates independent
or separate from the shippingAddressStates.
And then also another thing is very important here.
So in our billing address section,
make sure we set up that change event for countries
so when they choose a country and billing address,
then we'll call getStates and then we'll pass in
that formGroup name, Billing Address.
And that's it.
All right, so I'll just save this
and then swing back over to my browser here.
So we have shipping address that's already up
everything kind of reloaded, Billing Address.
Let's choose a different country, Germany.
Great, so those are German states, Excellent.
And then Turkey.
Okay excellent, great.
So this is kind of working out as desired.
So it works for shipping address
and it also works for billing address.
Good job!